let's put a meeting at 12
we'll have a session at 3 tomorrow
we have a meeting scheduled at 12
i have a date at 8 tonight
let's plan a new meeting at 12
i'll meet anthony at his office in 2 hours
we have an appointment at 12 to prepare the presentation
add a date with my dear friend Theo today at 13
schedule an appointment with Anthony at Clubhouse today at 17
put a date with Teo tomorrow at twilight
create a meeting for my presentation for the day after tomorrow at sunset
put this fucking appointment for this fucking guys of taxes tomorrow at 11
Please create a new appointment tomorrow at 3 in the morning with Dr. Philip.
Schedule a meeting with the team in room 33 at 6.
Could you set up an event for the birthday of my niece on April 18th?
I would like to have an event set tomorrow at 6 for the birthday party of my dog.
Add a meeting at 4 pm with Theo, Alex and also with Marco, and Patricia and Johanna, and of course with Arda.
I have a meeting tomorrow with David at 3 in his office.
Dr. Kenny next Friday at 2pm. 13, Blarney Park, Dublin 12. 
Johanna presents her book in two days at 17:00 at the Paris Cafe.
Patricia has organized the trip to Scotland on the 23-25th August. The plane leaves at 12am.
I need to pick up my mother on Tuesday in the terminal 1. The flight lands at 13:15.
I would like to go to the gym three times a week for two months from today. Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday would suit perfectly. Can you schedule that for me on each of those days at 5pm?
Liliana just invited me to have a pizza together tonight at 8pm. I want to go so put it in the calendar.
I have a flight on the 2nd of next month. I'm flying to Valencia and I need you to add that on my calendar because Google Calendar didn't do that automatically this time.
I'm going to have a lot of fun at Tayto Park. I'm going next Sunday so add it to mine and Theo's calendar because I'm going with him.
I need to add you my appointment with the dentist. He just called me back and he told me I can go there tomorrow between 9 and 10 am.
Meet with Seth tomorrow afternoon at 3
Play squash each day at 4pm with Walter
Trek Nepal for two weeks from the 8th of April
Book tickets to New York on Thursday night
Confirm tickets to see John Oliver in November
I am going to see Anthony at 6 p.m. today and in 3 weeks at the ClubHouse, add the meetings.
I have my first date yes! All my efforts pay today! Add it please, next Thursday from 3 to 5 p.m. in Mac'do
Can you had my daily meeting with Youtube and Facebook  in my bed from 8 a.m to 8 p.m
I would like to eat tonight! Add my meeting with my pizza at 8 in the oven :)
Add my meeting with the Death's Monger today at 6 p.m in heaven 
my presentation will be held on monday morning
add a meeting with anthony tomorrow at 3 pm
i have a meeting with anthony at 5
meeting anthony monday 2 pm
i visit my mom next monday
meeting my manager
the meeting will last for one hour
add a new event on 27 - apr
add tomorrow ' s breakfast by 10 am
add an event to visit 209 nashville gym
meet kiel at hallmark cards 405 saturday 2 : 00 pm
make dinner plans at restaurant at 8pm .
visit 209 nashville gym tomorrow morning
add to my calender daddy daughter dance at meadowbrook
add to tuesday ' s calender visting milos bar tequila
add a new task finish assignment
Visit 209 Nashville Gym tomorrow morning
dunmore pa sonic sounds Friday morning please
dsw shoes 7804 on Monday 3 : 00 pm
897 pancake house on Tuesday 1 : 00 pm please
Add imax theater to my upcoming events
calendar i ' ll be at the garage from 8 till 3 this saturday
Add tomorrow ' s breakfast by 10 AM
schedule appointment for tomorrow please
save the date may 17 pictures party
Can you schedule a meeting with Marco and Pasquale 1 hour  before the PEL group meeting?
Can you save in the calendar that I have an appointment with my GB on Friday at 9am?
Book an appointment with my GP on Friday morning.
