am i free this afternoon?
What do i do this week end?
what do i have this Friday
show me my availabilities for this tuesday
is thomas available this afternoon?
is Anthony available for tomorrow at 12 ?
when can I put a meeting with Theo?
when does Anthony have nothing?
is the calendar of Anthony full for tomorrow?
Is there any free timeshift for tomorrow in Anthony's calendar?
Would Marco be free on wednesday night?
Find a date as soon as possible when I could meet Johanna, Patricia, Jordan, Damaris and Marta please.
Check if I am available all day from 6 am to 6 pm on July 14th.
I need a time slot this week for an appointment with my dentist.
Is Chuck Testa available in 10 minutes in his workshop?
Check if my hairdresser is on holiday next week. 
Are the guys from the lab going to the cinema today?
Could you check if Egemen is free this weekend?
Would it be possible to have a coffee with Patricia tomorrow morning?
Is Theo still going to the gym?
Can you check when my dentist is free to receive me next week?
Check if the Spanish teacher is still going back to Spain next week
I really want to go to Tayto Park so when is Marta free next week?
Can you tell me if my Patricia is working today? I really need to get a pint with her.
Is Seth available next Tuesday?
Can I play Walter on Friday?
Is my flight to Kathmandu at 8am?
Can I make a 7am flight to New  York tomorrow?
Show me when I could find room for a 2 hours long meeting this week
Tell me when I will go back to France and hopefully leave Ireland
Show me when everyone from the lab is available to drink so much that they will forget their night
Show when my only (imaginary) friend is available this week
Show me availability from Michael Jackson to see me
check if i have time for a meeting tonight
View Tom Chros availability
Show me Samuel ' s availability for Tuesday morning
How soon will Jack be free ?
Check Friday at 9 am
when is Paul available ?
Is Keil available tomorrow ?
Free time this afternoon please
Am i free to be with friends saturday ?
can you find the first date in which I do not have appointments in the morning?
Can you find me the first available time on Monday afternoon between 12 and 6pm?
Am I available on Wednesday at 10am?
