cancel the appointment with John
finally i won't go to the cinema this afternoon
i will not do the presentation this morning
remove the calendar entry of this Monday
the plan changed, cancel everything of today
remove my date with Theo
cancel the appointment at clubhouse
forget the meeting with Anthony
cancel this fucking appointment to the dentist
the meeting of today at UCD is delayed to never
I cannot attend my wife's surprise birthday party tomorrow so please remove it from my schedule.
Delete all my events and meetings for the next 3 years.
Please cancel my appointment with Dr. Saber.
Cancel my date with Egemen and also delete any event that he is supposed to attend from my schedule please.
I would like to cancel everything on Thursday.
I missed my flight to Galway, cancel all my appointments there today.
Johanna is sick. We won't have that coffee this weekend.
My fish died today, I feel so lonely. I am not going to Marco's party. 
Delete all the appointments with Arda, I don't like him anymore.
I am considering converting to Buddhism. I won't go to church anymore. Cancel it. 
I need to cancel my running training session today because it's raining!
Theo doesn't want to go to the gym anymore because it's boring so change his calendar accordingly.
Cancel the kayak stuff planned for tomorrow at the Liffey river. I can't go anymore.
Summer holidays ruined this year. I need you to cancel my plan because at the end I need to work more. And do the same with Sam's calendar.
My teeth are not painful anymore so i finally decided not to go to the dentist.
Cancel tomorrow's meeting with Seth
I cannot play Walter in two weeks time
Can trip to Nepal
Do not book tickets to New York
Skip John Oliver
I just saw that my meeting in Mordor tomorrow at 4 was with Sauron, cancel it please!!!
Rage quit! Cancel all my meetings with everyone!
Finally, no first date... Cancel it...
Forgot to buy a pizza, remove my meeting at 8 in the oven :(
Game of Thrones first episode is released, cancel all my meetings tomorrow
Calendar cancel Friday with Eddy
delete helen fred ' s birthday
Please just delete my meeting
Cancel tomorrow ' s appointment
Remove a calendar entry
Cancel appointment
stop any new appointments
Delete Helen Fred ' s birthday
Cancel an event on the calendar
Can you delete my events this saturday ?
Cancel the PEL group meeting on Monday at 11 for f*** sake.
Remove the meeting with Liam from the agenda.
