change tomorrow's meeting location to the showroom
finally my date is at 9
add johanna to next week's meeting
tomorrow we'll go to the park instead of going to the cinema
can you shift the meeting by one hour?
Move my today's meeting with Anthony to 12
Postpone the meeting with Anthony at 14
my date with Theo must be put off to 14 instead of 12
change the location of my date with Theo to its house
reschedule my appointment to the dentist to the 14th of May
In the end tomorrow's meeting should be at 4 instead of 3.
Delete Marta from the participants of the weekly meeting with the archaeology team.
Hey bot go ahead and change the title of my next appointment to "boring stuff" haha.
Would you please notify my colleagues that our weekly tag-rugby session will finally be at 5 tomorrow.
Can you add Patrick Bateman to the list of guests for tomorrow's party, and also change its location to Donnybrook Cemetery?
The Monday meeting of the archaeo team has been cancel for the next three weeks.
Cancel my wax appointment. Move it to next week, same day, same hour. 
Come called me. The museum is closed tomorrow. We will go to watch Spider Man.
The recital of Jordan has been postponed until end of March. 
Move all my appointments to two hours later, my alarm didn't rang this morning.
The weather is not good today so I'm not going to run anymore. I'll go tomorrow at the same time though! Change my agenda please.
Change of plans! Tomorrow I'm gonna start working at 10 am instead of 9 because I'm tired.
My flight to Valencia will last 2 hours in total so put that into the calendar.
Oh no! Theo wanted to go to Tayto park and so I did. We are going to the "Escape Room" at the end so edit it please!
Well... we discussed about it and we decided we are going to Cefalù on holidays instead of San Vito Lo Capo.  Change it!
Meet with Seth tomorrow at the Cherry Tavern
Next week play Walter at 2pm
Trek in Nepal for three weeks, not two weeks
Book tickets to New York the week after next
Will see John Oliver in October instead of November
Can you transfer all my appointments today to tomorrow, I want to sleep!
Change the name of "Monday Morning" to "Scones and coffee" please!
I am not working on Tuesday's anymore, transfer all the meeting concerned to Friday
Finally, no first date... Report it to 30th February at 8 a.m
John Snow revived! Edit my meetings with the white walkers to Jean Neige
I want to reschedule the meeting at the air force club
Help me in rescheduling my calender
Marketing meetings on Tuesdays will now be every Wednesday please change on my calendar
Extend lunch meeting 30 minutes extra
change the meeting with chris to 9 : 00 am
Appointment with Johnson needs to be next week
Change today ' s course time to 11 pm
I want to reschedule tomorrow ' s meeting
Meeting adjustment
Appointment extension request
Can you reschedule the meeting with my GP anytime on Friday afternoon?
Please move the meeting with my students anytime on Tuesday or Wednesday.
Postpone the meeting with Marco of one hour.
