what do i have tomorrow at 2?
When do i go to the cinema?
When is my meeting with anthony?
show me my meetings for next week
where is the presentation this afternoon?
Where do I meet Anthony today?
Where do I have to go for my meeting?
When is my date with Theo?
When will I be fucked by taxes?
Who will participate to the meeting of noon ?
Find any event in which Danny is involved.
Give me all available information on yesterday's meeting.
Check if French politics are on tomorrow's working lunch agenda.
Can you tell me when is my next meeting with Mrs Merkel?
Have I ever scheduled anything with a Mr. Austin Powers?
Tell me the days of the Budapest festival which my friends are going to... I don't remember the name
When will it be released the tickets for next Justin Bieber concert in Dublin?
When was I supposed to meet with Damaris?
Which day is the deadline for my thesis?
When does Florian come back from Germany?
Is the festival I'm going in June still scheduled?
I don't remember at the moment if I have any plan for tonight. Can you tell me?
Can you tell me the weather forecast for the day there is the festival I'm going to?
Theo just entered through the door and he's playing. Can you tell me what time does he have to work today?
Johanna is going to "Tomorrowland". Check for me if she's going for all the three days or just one or two.
What time is the John Oliver show?
Where am I meeting Seth tomorrow?
Who am I playing squash with this Thursday?
Where is the Kathmandu airport?
Which airpot will I land in in New York?
Where is the John Oliver show?
Show me when Johana is coming
Show me when I shall go with Alex in the Moria
ShoWhen was my last date
When is Tak defending his thesis?
How many days are there between March 13th 2015 and today ?
Do I have anything on wednesday ?
Calendar for november 1948
what i ' m going to do at this meeting ?
Tell me the event details
show me tomorrow ' s wedding party time
Pull up my appointment find out how much time i have before my next appointment
Search for meetings with Chris
voice activated reading of appointments this week
Display weekend plans
Tell me at what time I have to meet the GP on Friday.
Do I have to meet Marco and Pasquale on Monday?
Is the PEL group meeting on Monday morning?
Tell me at what time I have to meet the GP on Friday.
Do I have to meet Marco and Pasquale on Monday?
Is the PEL group meeting on Monday morning?
